{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 - So when i want to get data from competitor device after connecting, what service and characteristics i need to send to device. Because i have three UDIDs one for Characteristic, one for Service and Comp Service Data character.\
\
- 1) What is a IEEE ID? can\'92t find it in BLE core specifications : \
\
        do you have a link?\
        Does it allow to identify the \'93couple\'94 or the individual beacon?\
\'97>  IEEE ID is the unique identity of BLE device which will not change anytime. In IOS, we can get IEEE of device after connection only. \
\'97> It will identify individual beacon not couple beacon.\
\'97> As we will have unique beacon name, so we can go with name for identification\
\
2) This will not work to check the real entry or the real exit. It should check the RSSI between the Door 1 \'93beacon couple" or Door 2 \'93beacon couple" NOT between Door 1 and Door 2 beacons. \
	\'97> Actually i need some more clarification on it :) because we can get RSSI of individual beacons but how  we will get couple beacons RSSI value ? For that i need some more clarification. Please explain :)\
\
        Do you need more explanation or is it clear?\
        The question is :  do we have to Setup in the App, the mini and maxi RSSI values to be checked for each beacon? - Yes We can setup Min and Maximum value of RSSI in the app. If we check and RSSI limit exceed then we will consider Exit or Our.\
        What about the TX level setup for each beacon?\
\
3) Did\'92t understand your answer. Do you mean the App will be able to write and change values in the beacon (independently from its firmware)? - No, i don\'92t mean that app will write and change value in beacon. I mean beacon will send unique code to BLE device and get battery value from BLE device to iOS device.\
\
\
Please clarify.}